Dalek: Exterminate! [Somewhat pronounced 'EX-TER-MIN-ATE!' (Various Stories)]
Dalek: I obey. [Pronounced I-OB-EY (Various Stories)]
Dalek: My vision is impaired! I cannot see!! [Various Stories]
Daleks Sec and Caan: Emergency Temporal Shift!
Dalek 1: You will move ahead of us and follow my directions. This way. Immediately.
Dalek 1: I said immediately!
Dalek 1: Fire!
Dalek 2: STOP!
Dalek 1: Your legs are paralyzed. You will recover shortly unless you force us to use our weapons again, in that case the condition will be permanent. You two, help him.
Dalek: They are to be made to believe that they are in a safe environment.
Dalek 2: I have just come from the prisoners. The old man is dying.
Dalek 3: Then he must die. There is no help we can give him. How are the others?
Dalek 1: The woman is sleeping very heavily, the young man fights against it.
Dalek 3: What of the girl? Has she reached the jungle?
Dalek 2: Yes, the rangoscopes tracked her that far, now they have lost her.
Ian / Dalek: [Distorted Dalek voice] It's very cramped indeed.
Ian / Dalek: [Monotone Dalek voice] Do you mean like this?
Dalek: STOP!
Dalek / Ian: The council wishes to question the prisoners.
Dalek: I have not been informed. Wait.
Dalek / Ian: Hold her.
Dalek: I have got her. Now hold still
Dalek / Ian: Help me get her inside.
Dalek: The only interest we have in the Thals is their total extermination!
Dalek Supreme: Rebels of London! This is our last warning! Our final offer! Show yourselves in the open streets. You will be fed and watered, but work is needed from you. The Daleks offer you life! Rebel against us and the Daleks shall destroy London completely. Rebels of London, come out of your hiding places, the Daleks offer you life!
Supreme Dalek: Supreme command has ordered London to be destroyed by Fire-Bombs.
Dalek: Do you intend to stay here in the city?
Supreme Dalek: No. Order the saucer to take me to the mine workings in central England.
Dalek: Our greatest enemies have left the planet Zeros. They are once again in time and space.
Dalek Supreme: They cannot escape! Our time machine will soon follow them! They will be exterminated! Exterminated! Exterminated!
Dalek Supreme: They cannot escape! At this moment they are being hunted down! They will be destroyed!
Dalek Supreme: No power in the universe can stop the Daleks!
Dalek Supreme: The time destructor is now completed! It only requires the core to be fitted! Mavic Chen, guardian of the Solar System, will address the meeting.
Daleks: We are better... different than human beings.
Dalek 1: Exterminate all humans!
Dalek 2: Exterminate all humans!
Dalek 1: Exterminate, annihilate, DESTROY!!!
All Daleks: Daleks conquer and destroy!!! Daleks conquer and destroy!!! Daleks conquer and destroy!!! Daleks conquer and destroy!!!
Dalek: We are not ready yet, to teach these human beings, the law of the Daleks!
Dalek Emperor: This is your Emperor, speaking! There is Danger here! DO NOT FIGHT IN HERE! I SAID DO NOT FIGHT IN HERE! OBEY ME! YOUR EMPEROR! YOU WILL OBEY ME!!!! OBEY!!!! OBEY!!!! YOU WILL BE EXTERMINATED! ALL EXTERMINATED!!!!
Dalek: Obey the Daleks! You are in our power!
Dalek: Who are you? ANSWER!
Dalek: There is only one form of life that matters: Dalek life. Obey your orders, Waterfield!
Gold Dalek: Do not dispute with the Daleks! Obey without question!
Dalek: No-one can succeed, who opposes the Daleks.
Gold Dalek: Whoever is operating the time machine is the enemy of the Daleks! All enemies of the Daleks must be destroyed! Exterminate them!
Daleks: [in unison] Exterminate them! Exterminate them! Exterminate them!
Dalek: Energy levels building to lift-off capacity. Prepare for ascent!
Head of the Supreme Dalek Council: Report! Aliens still apprimmitive! All Dalek units are to be signed through the capture immediatley. Take charge of all controls. Report on invisibility experiments.
Dalek: Daleks can now acheive total invisibility in periods in exess of two work cycles.
Dalek Supreme: Satisfactory. The Supreme council has ordered our army to be activated immediatley. The invasion of all solar planets is to begin today!
Head of the Supreme Dalek Coucil: Order space transporters to assemble and await landing orders.
Dalek: I obey.
Head of the Supreme Dalek Council: The action of the aliens has caused considerable disruption of operations on this planet.
Dalek: This was a matter beyond my control.
Head of the Supreme Dalek Council: You're orders were to exterminate them!
Dalek: It has not been possible! We have been unable to use the bacteria bombs!
Head of the Supreme Dalek Council: The responsibility was yours! You have failed, the Supreme Council does not accept failure!
Dalek: The power failure is temporary. Superior Dalek technology will overcome interference shortly. Meanwhile you will obey our orders!
Dalek 1: Target model destroyed.
Dalek 2: Substitute weaponry is moderately efficent.
Dalek: Voices were heard, move into the firelight!
Dalek: We are entombed but we live on. This is only the beginning. We will perpare, we will grow stronger. When the time is right we will emerge and take our rightful place as the supreme power, of the universe!
Dalek: All inferior creatures are to be considered the enemy of the Daleks, and destroyed!
Dalek: Pi-ty? I have no understanding of the word. It is not registered in my vocabulary bank. EXTERMINATE! (fires)
Dalek 1: We will continue!
Dalek 2: You will not remove your hand from the Sensor!
Dalek: DO NOT MOOOOVE!!
Dalek: Seek.Locate.Exterminate!
Dalek: Halt! At once! You will be exterminated! HALT! HALT!!!
Dalek: It is the Doctor! The Doctor must be destroyed!!!
Dalek: Obey! Obey the Daleks! You will be exterminated!!!
Dalek: Your duplicates will return to Gallifrey. Where, on our command, you will assassinate the members of the High Council!
Dalek: Davros must be exterminated! Nothing must interfere with the true destiny of the Daleks!!
Imperial Dalek: You will come with us!
Dalek: You must surrender. The Earth woman must come with us. It is futile to resist!
Imperial Dalek: You are the Doctor! You are the enemy of the Daleks! You will be exterminated! Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate!
Imperial Dalek: Small human female sighted on level three!
Imperial Dalek: Prepare for shuttle docking.
Imperial Dalek Emperor: Lock the Hand of Omega into the control circuit.
Imperial Dalek: Omega device is now locked in and running.
Imperial Dalek Emperor: Ah, Doctor. You have changed again. Your appearance is as inconstant as your intelligence. You have confounded me for the last time!
Metaltron (Dalek): [Grating] Doc-tor?
Metaltron (Dalek): THE Doctor?! (suddenly lights turn on, revealing the little blue light to be a Dalek) Exterminate! Exterminate! EXTERMINATE!
The Last Dalek: I am alone in the universe.
The Last Dalek: So are you. We are the same.
The Last Dalek: Have pity!
The Last Dalek: [flying] Elevate!
The Last Dalek: The Daleks must survive!
The Last Dalek: You would make a good Dalek. (monitor shuts off)
The Last Dalek: (last words) Exterminate...
Dalek #1: Alert! Alert! We are detected!
Dalek #2: It is the Doctor! He has located us!
Dalek: I will talk to the Doctor.
Dalek: The Dalek Stratagem nears completion. The Fleet is almost ready. You will not intervene.
Dalek: We have your associate. You will obey or she will be exterminated.
Dalek: Explain yourself.
Dalek: What is the meaning of this negative?
Dalek: But she will be destroyed!
Dalek: But you have no weapons! No defences! No plan!
Dalek #1: The Doctor is initiating hostile action!
Dalek #2: The Stratagem must advance. Begin the invasion of Earth!
Dalek #3: The Doctor will be exterminated!
Daleks: [in unison] Exterminate!
Daleks: Exterminate! Exterminate! EXTERMINATE!!!
Dalek #1: You know The Doctor. You understand him. You will predict his actions.
Dalek #1: Predict. Predict! PREDICT!
Dalek #2: TARDIS detected. In flight.
Dalek #1: Launch missiles!
Dalek #2: Exterminate!
Dalek #1: You have predicted correctly.
Daleks: Exterminate! Exterminate! Exterminate!
Dalek Emperor: They survived through me.
Dalek Emperor: You destroyed us Doctor! The Dalek race died in your inferno, but my ship survived, falling through time. Crippled, but alive!
Dalek #1: [Frenzied] Do not interrupt!
Dalek #2: Do not interrupt!
Dalek #3: Do not interrupt!
Dalek Emperor: We waited here, in the dark space... Damaged but rebuilding. Centuries passed and we quietly infiltrated the systems of Earth. Harvesting the waste of humanity, the prisoners, the refugees, the dispossessed, they all came to us. The bodies were phillited, pulped, sifted, the seed of the Human race is perverted, only one cell in a billion was fit to be nurtured!
The Dalek Emperor: [voice rising] Those words are blasphemy!
Dalek #1: Do not blaspheme!
Dalek #2: Do not blaspheme!
Dalek #3: Do not blaspheme!
Dalek Emperor: Everything human has been purged, I cultivated pure and blessed Dalek!
Dalek Emperor: I reached into the dirt and gave new life, I am the God of all Daleks!
All Daleks: WORSHIP HIM! WORSHIP HIM! WORSHIP HIM!
Dalek #1: Exterminate!
The Dalek Emperor: Purify the Earth with fire. The planet will become my temple and we shall rise. This will be our Paradise!
The Dalek Emperor: I will not die! I CANNOT DIE!!!
Dalek Sec: Location: Earth! Life-forms detected!
Daleks: [in unison] EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE!
Dalek Sec: Which of you is least important?
Dalek Sec: Which of you is least important?
Dalek Sec: Designate the least important!
Dalek Sec: The Time Lords! This is all that survives of their homeworld!
Dalek Sec: The future!
Dalek Caan: Neither did we need him alive.
Dalek Thay: You propose an alliance?
Dalek Thay: Request denied!
Dalek Thay: EXTERMINATE! (Thay zaps both Cybermen, they glow cyan and fall dead.)
Dalek Sec: This is not war. This is pest control!
Dalek Sec: (pause) Four.
Dalek Sec: We would destroy the Cybermen with one Dalek! You are superior in only one respect.
Dalek Sec: You are better at dying!
Dalek Sec: Alert, alert - you are the Doctor.
Dalek Thay: Sensors report he is unarmed.
Dalek Sec: Then you are powerless.
Dalek Thay: I am Dalek Thay.
Dalek Sec: Dalek Sec.
Dalek Jast: Dalek Jast.
Dalek Caan: Dalek Caan.
Dalek Sec: The Doctor will open the Ark!
Dalek Sec: You have no way of resisting.
Dalek Sec: A sonic probe?
Dalek Sec: It is harmless.
Dalek Sec: (slams open doors to Torchwood Warehouse 1) EXTERMINATE!
Dalek Sec: The Ark will open! (lots of normal-colored Daleks shoot out)
Dalek Sec: Exterminate all life forms below! Exterminate!
Dalek Sec: It is the Doctor! Exterminate Him!
Dalek Squad: WE OBEY!
Dalek Sec: Emergency temporal shift!
Dalek Caan: I have been summoned! Explain! EXPLAIN!
Dalek Caan: (to Mr Diagoras) This day is ending, humankind is weak, you shelter from the darkness and yet you have built all this.
Dalek Caan: My planet is gone... Destroyed in a great war. Yet versions of this city stand throughout history. The Human race always continues.
Dalek Caan: You have rare ambition.
Dalek Caan: You think like a Dalek.
Dalek Sec: (through visual link) This human is our best option. Bring him to me!
Dalek Caan: (to Mr Diagoras) Your loyalty will be rewarded. Come with me.
Dalek Sec: Prepare the laboratory. The Final Experiment will begin.
Dalek Thay and Dalek Jast: We obey!
Dalek Caan: You have been summoned by our leader.
Dalek Sec: Correct. I am Dalek Sec, leader of the Cult of Skaro.
Dalek Sec: Cease talking! ... I said, CEASE! Slaves, secure the human.
Dalek Sec: This is the final experiment.
Dalek Sec: The pig slaves are primitive. The final experiment is greater by far.
Dalek Sec: We need your flesh. Bring him to me!
Dalek Thay: Halt! This action contradicts the Dalek imperative.
Dalek Jast: Daleks are supreme, Humans are weak.
Dalek Sec: But there are millions of humans and only four of us. If we are supreme, why are we not victorious? The Cult of Skaro was created by the Emperor for this very purpose; to imagine new ways of survival!
Dalek Thay: But we must remain pure!
Dalek Sec: No, Dalek Thay. Our purity has brought us to extinction! We must adapt to survive. You have all made sacrifices, and now I will sacrifice myself... for the greater cause... for the future of Dalek-Kind. Now, bring me the human!
Dalek Sec: Behold the true Dalek form. Now, join with me!
Dalek Thay: Stop the process! Dalek Sec is failing.
Dalek Sec: (haevily distorted voice) No! The experiment must continue. Administer the solution! We must evolve. Evolve! EVOLVE!
Dalek Caan: Silence! Silence! You will form a line. Move. Move!
Dalek Caan: The female is wise; obey!
Dalek Thay: Report!
Dalek Caan: These are strong specimens. They will help the Dalek cause. What is the status of the Final Experiment?
Dalek Thay: The Dalekanium is in place. The energy conductor is now complete.
Dalek Caan: Then I will extract prisoners for selection. Intelligence scan initiate... reading brainwaves... low intelligence.
Dalek Caan: We are not human.
Dalek Caan: Report.
Dalek Jast: Dalek Sec is entering the final stage of evolution.
Dalek Caan: Scan him. Prepare for birth.
Dalek Caan: You will bear witness. This is the dawn of a new age. We are the only four Daleks in existence. So the species must evolve; a life outside the shell. The children of Skaro must walk again!
Dalek Thay: Protect the Hybrid!
Daleks: PROTECT! PROTECT! PROTECT!
Dalek Caan: Report status.
Dalek Caan: The Doctor has escaped.
Dalek Jast: They have ascended (climbed ladder).
Dalek Caan: (to pig slaves) Return to base. (pause) Request information: What is your opinion of Dalek Sec?
Dalek Jast: We were created to follow him.
Dalek Caan: But you have doubts?
Dalek Jast: Affirmative.
Dalek Caan: I will be the destroyer of our greatest enemy!
Dalek Jast: (aims weapon at Doctor) THE DOCTOR will STEP AWAY from the controls!
Dalek Caan: (moves forward) He is an enemy of the Daleks - and so are you! (aims weapon at Sec)
Dalek Caan: You have lost your authority!
Dalek Jast: You are no longer a Dalek.
Dalek Thay: The new bodies will be 100% Dalek!
Dalek Jast: Pig Slaves, restrain Dalek Sec and the Doctor.
Dalek Caan: Solar Flare approaching! Prepare to intercept!
Dalek Thay: Gamma Strike Four Minutes And Counting!
Dalek Caan: You told us to 'imagine'... and we 'imagined' your irrelevance.
Dalek Caan: The Army Awakes!
Dalek Caan: You will identify.
Dalek-Human: I... am... a Dalek.
Dalek Caan: Excellent!
Dalek Thay: Begin the invasion of Manhattan. The population will be converted into Daleks.
Dalek Jast: And from this island, we will conquer the world!
Dalek Caan: Assume battle positions! Take arms!
Dalek Caan: War demands strategy! I am designated Controller!
Dalek Thay: You are unfit.
Dalek Caan: Connect me to the military computer. I will coordinate all units.
Dalek Thay: Report status.
Dalek Caan: Maximum efficiency! I am now ready for full scale war!
Dalek Thay: Control over Dalek Humans?
Dalek Caan: Connection confirmed. All soldiers will take heed. Weapons will be primed.
Dalek Caan: Sonic device detected!
Dalek Thay: The Doctor survived?
Dalek Jast: Find him and exterminate!
Dalek Thay: The Doctor will stand before the Daleks! You will die, Doctor! At the beginning of a new age.
Dalek Jast: Planet Earth will become New Skaro!
Dalek Thay: Incorrect! We always survive!
Dalek Jast: Now we will destroy our greatest enemy - The Doctor!
Dalek Sec Hybrid: But he can help you!
Dalek Thay: The Doctor must die.
Dalek Thay: EXTERMINATE!
Dalek Thay: If they will not obey then they must die! (exterminates Human Dalek squad leader. Human Daleks return fire)
Daleks Thay and Jast: EXTERMINATE!
Dalek Caan: Destroy the hybrids! Destroy!
Dalek Caan: The Dalek Humans are failures! Destruct! Destruct! DESTRUCT!
Dalek Caan: - Emergency Temporal Shift!
First Dalek: Dalek Fleet in battle formation.
Second Dalek: All systems locked and primed.
Third Dalek: Crucible at 90 percent efficiency.
Fourth Dalek: The human harvest will commence!
Dalek: Supreme Dalek on the bridge!
Supreme Dalek: (Emerges through a large door) Soon the Crucible will be complete. We have waited long for this ultimate destiny! Now the Daleks are the masters of Earth!
Multitude of Daleks: Daleks are the masters of Earth! Daleks are the masters of Earth!
Dalek Caan: He is coming. The threefold man, he dances in the lonely places. O Creator of us all, The Doctor is coming! [maniacal laughter]
Dalek Caan: He is here. The Dark Lord is come.
Dalek Caan: I flew into the wild and fire! I danced and died a thousand times!
Dalek: Halt! You will come with me!
Dalek: (Evaporates the paint) My vision is not impaired!
Dalek: Hostility will not be tolerated! Exterminate! Exterminate!
Dalek: The Daleks reign supreme, all hail the Daleks!
Dalek: Yes, we know who you are.
Dalek: All humans will leave their homes. The male, the female, the descendants.
Dalek: Daleks do not answer human questions. Stand in line.
Squad of Daleks: Exterminieren! Exterminieren! Halt! Sonst werden wir sie Exterminieren! Sie sind jetzt ein Gefangener der Daleks!
Dalek Supreme: Exterminate Torchwood!
Supreme Dalek: Prepare for universal detonation! The Fleet will gather at the Crucible! All Daleks will return to shelter from the cataclysm! We will become the only lifeforms IN EXISTENCE!
Dalek Caan: This would always have happened. I only helped, Doctor!
Dalek Caan: I saw the Daleks! What we have done throughout time and space! I saw the truth of us, Creator, and I decreed "No more!"
Supreme Dalek: Davros, you have betrayed us!
Supreme Dalek: The Vault will be purged! You will all be exterminated!
Ironside/Dalek: I am your soldier!
Ironside/Dalek: To win the war!
Ironside/Dalek: Would you care for some tea?
Dalek: Behold the restoration of the Daleks! The resurrection of the master race!
Old Dalek: All hail the new Daleks! All hail the new Daleks!
Old Dalek: ...Yes..
Old Daleks: We are ready!
Supreme Dalek: You will move ahead of us, and follow directions. This way.
Supreme Dalek: You will recover shortly. Search him.
Supreme Dalek: Come this way.
Dalek: Take the prisoners to the spaceship. Move!
Red Dalek: Then you shall replace them. Join the other prisoners. Continue your patrol.
Red Dalek: Target sighted.
Gold Dalek: Prepare to annihilate!
Black Dalek: This is the rebel leader.
Gold Dalek: You will be exterminated!
